c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\bin\Debug\LogisticsGame.exe.config
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\bin\Debug\LogisticsGame.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\bin\Debug\LogisticsGame.pdb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepOnePage.g.cs
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepTwoPage.g.cs
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepOnePage.baml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepTwoPage.baml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.g.resources
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.pdb
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepThreePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepThreePage.baml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\LogisticsGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFourPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFourPage.baml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFivePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFivePage.baml
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFinalPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Emil\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogisticsGame\LogisticsGame\obj\Debug\Views\StepFinalPage.baml
